# Jeff's response to Jan 12 proposal

Clearly, you're more interested in the worm idea, so
I'm not going to give you feedback on the other idea.

Overall, I like this project. Your writeup is light on
details, but we'll fix that problem over the coming week.

Here, in no particular order, is a collection of
suggestions and observations.

- For the literature review, you're going to want to get a good
handle on malware taxonomies, and on worm propagation techniques
in particular. There's also the question of whether self-replicating
code is relevant, or whether just file-copying takes care of the
replication problem without getting fancier.

- When you talk about the Morris worm in particular, you can certainly
go the SEED way and just try to simulate the basic idea on a more
modern system (e.g., using python). But you might also be interested
in a technical challenge that involves finding, building, and running
1988-era Unixes and the actual Morris source code. If you can pull that
off (both the finding and the building/installing/running) and encapsulate
it in some sort of Docker and docker-compose setup, I bet a lot of people
would be interested. (Another question for the lit review: has anybody
else already done this?)

- In your next draft of a project plan, you're going to want to have a
solid selection of phases of the project, including stretch goals.
For example, once you have the mandatory phases running (simulated attacker
and victims with self-propagating worm), there are lots of directions to
go:
    - a modern command-and-control center for your worm to report to
    - propagation based on a variety of modern-ish vulnerabilities
    - sophisticated data collection to determine the speed of propagation, etc.
    - try implementing defenses, to see how certain defenses can mitigate the attack
    - etc.


Anyway, looks like a fun project.
